1. What is a Namespace?
- [] - A type that contains the code of the program
- [x] - A container for classes.
- [] - A deployable unit of an application

2. What is JIT Compilation?
- [x] - The compilation of IL code to native machine code at the run time
- [] - The compilation of C# Code to native code
- [] - The compilation of C# Code to IL Code

3. What is an Assembly?
- [] - A piece of code that is executed by CLR. 
- [] - Container of one or more classes
- [x] - A single unit of Deployment of .NET Apps 
#### explaintion: It is a file, in the form of an exe or DLL, that contains one or more namespaces or clases. 

3. What would be the value of number after this line has been executed. 
```cs
byte number = 1000;
```
- [] - 1000
- [] - Number will overflow and the value would be something different like 189
- [x] - This code cannot be compiled. 

#### explaintion: C# compiler checks the validity of the values assigned to variables based on their type. In this case, 


4. The type **long** in C# is equivalent to:
- [] - long
- [] - int32
- [x] - int64

5. What would be the output of this program. 
```cs
byte number = 255;
number += 2;
Console.WriteLine(number);
```
- [] - 257
- [] - 0
- [x] - 1

#### explaintion: The result will overflow and the value will be 1


6. What would be the value of number2 after this code is executed?
```cs
int number1 = 257;
byte number2 = number1;
```
- [] - 257
- [x] - this code can't be compiled. 
- [] - 1

#### explaination - since there is a chance of data loss during the conversion, compiler would stop the compilation. 


7. What would be the value of z?
```cs
var x = true;
var y = false;
var z = x && y;
```
- [] - true
- [x] - false
- [] - 1


8. What would be the value of z?
```cs
var x = true;
var y = false;
var z = x || y;
```
- [x] - true
- [] - false
- [] - 1


9. What is the correct way to declare an int array.
- [x] - int[] numbers = new int[3];
- [] - int[] numbers = new int(3);
- [] - int[] numbers = new int[];


10. What will be the output of this code.
```cs
var array1 = new int[3] { 1,2,3 };
var array2 = array1;

array[0] = 0;

Console.WriteLine(array2[0]);
```
- [x] - 0
- [] - 1
- [] - 3

11. How can we access the first element in this array?
```cs
var numbers = new int[3] { 1,2,3 };
```

- [] - numbers[0]
- [x] - numbers(0)
- [] - numbers.first

12. We have a class as folows: 

```cs
public class Point{
    public int x;
    public int y;
}
```

How can we create an object of type Point?
- [] - var Point
- [] - Point p
- [] - Point p = new Point;
- [x] - Point p = new Point();

13. We have a TaxCalculator class as follows:
```cs
public class TaxCalculator
{
    public static float CalculateTax(int income)
    {
        return income * 10 / 100;
    }
}
```

14. How can we call the TaxCalculator class?
- [] - TaxCalculator.CalculateTax(1000)
- [] - TaxCalculator.CalculateTax(income:1000)
- [x] - TaxCalculator.CalculateTax(1000)


15. The `\n` escape in a string represents:
- [] - A whitespace
- [x] - A line break
- [] - A tab


16. What would be the result of this program:

```cs
var number1 = 1;

var number2 = number1;

number1 = 2;
Console.WriteLine(number2);
```
- [x] - 1
- [] - 2


17. What would be the value of number after this code is executed?
```cs
public enum CustomerType
{
    Bronze, Silver, Gold
}

var type = (int)CustomerType.Bronze;
Console.WriteLine(type);
```

- [x] - 0
- [] - 1
- [] - Bronze

#### explaintion - Enum are internally integers. The first member of enum is 0

18. What is the correct syntax to check if number is not 0?
- [] - if number != 0
- [] - if number <> 0
- [x] - if(number != 0)
- [] - if(number <> 0)


19. 
```cs
var cities = new string[] { "Melbourne", "Sydney", "Brisbane" };
```

What is the correct syntax to iterate over cities using a for each array. 
- [] - foreach city in cities
- [] - foreach var city in cities
- [x] - foreach(var city in cities)
- [] - foreach(city in cities)

20. What is the correct syntax to declare a reactangular 3x5 array? (pretty imp)
- [x] - var array = new int [3,5]; 
- [] - var array = new int [3][5];
- [] - var array = new int[] [3,5];

