## Generics, Delegates and Collections. 

1. What is the difference between a generic class and a non-generic class?
- a. A generic class can be used with different data types, while a non-generic class can only be used with a specific data type
- b. A generic class has a type parameter, while a non-generic class does not
- c. A generic class can be inherited from, while a non-generic class cannot
- d. All of the above

2. What is the syntax for declaring a generic class in C#?
- a. public class ClassName<T> { }
- b. public class ClassName<T> : IComparable<T> { }
- c. public class ClassName<T, U> { }
- d. None of the above

3. What is the purpose of the where clause in C# generics?
- a. It specifies the constraints on the type parameter(s)
- b. It specifies the type of the generic class
- c. It specifies the type of the generic method
- d. None of the above

4. What is the difference between a delegate and an anonymous method in C#?
- a. A delegate is a type, while an anonymous method is an expression
- b. A delegate can be invoked multiple times, while an anonymous method can only be invoked once
- c. A delegate can be passed as an argument to another method, while an anonymous method cannot
- d. All of the above

5. 1. How can you create a generic method?
- a. By using the `where` keyword
- b. By using the `<>` syntax
- c. By using the `T` keyword
- d. Both a and b

6. What is the syntax for declaring a delegate?
- a. `delegate delegate_name(parameters);`
- b. `delegate return_type delegate_name();`
- c. `delegate return_type delegate_name(parameters);`
- d. `delegate delegate_name;`

7. How can you create a custom collection class?
- a. By implementing the `IEnumerable` interface
- b. By implementing the `ICollection` interface
- c. By implementing the `IList` interface
- d. By implementing the `ICollection<T>` interface

8. 
```cs
public class MyDictionary<TKey, TValue> where TKey : struct
{
    // Implementation details
}
```

What does the where TKey : struct constraint indicate in the above code?

- a. It allows TKey to be any data type.
- b. It restricts TKey to only accept value types.
- c. It requires TKey to be a reference type.

9.

```cs
public delegate T Transformer<T>(T value);
public static T Square<T>(T input) => (dynamic)input * (dynamic)input;
```

What is the purpose of the Transformer delegate and the Square method?

- a. The delegate represents a square operation, and the method performs the square of a value.
- b. The delegate represents any transformation operation, and the method squares the input.
- c. The delegate and method have no relation.


10. 
```cs
Dictionary<string, int> myDictionary = new Dictionary<string, int>
{
    { "One", 1 },
    { "Two", 2 },
    { "Three", 3 }
};

myDictionary.Remove("Two");
```

What will be the count of elements in myDictionary after executing the above code?
- a. 3
- b. 2
- c. 1

11. 
```cs
List<string> colors = new List<string> { "Red", "Green", "Blue" };
Console.WriteLine(colors[3]);
```

What will happen when the above code is executed?

- a. It will compile successfully and print "null".
- b. It will not compile due to an index out of range error.
- c. It will compile successfully but throw an exception at runtime.

12. 
```cs
    public static T FindMax<T>(T[] array) where T : IComparable<T>
    {
        T max = array[0];
        foreach (T item in array)
        {
            if (item.CompareTo(max) > 0)
            {
                max = item;
            }
        }
        return max;
    }
```
What is the significance of the 'where T : IComparable<T>' constraint in the 'FindMax' method?
- a. It allows the method to find the maximum value of any data type.
- b. It restricts the method to only work with numeric data types.
- c. It ensures that the data type used must implement the 'IComparable<T>' interface.
- d. It allows the method to work with any data type without constraints.


<details>
<summary>Solutions</summary>
1. b. A generic class has a type parameter, while a non-generic class does not <br />
2. a. public class ClassName<T> { } <br />
3. a. It specifies the constraints on the type parameter(s) <br />
4. a. A delegate is a type, while an anonymous method is an expression <br />
5. d. Both a and b <br />
6. c. delegate return_type delegate_name(parameters); <br />
7. d. By implementing the `ICollection<T>` interface <br />
8. b. It restricts TKey to only accept value types. <br />
9. b. The delegate represents any transformation operation, and the method squares the input. <br />
10. b. 2 <br />
11. c. It will compile successfully but throw an exception at runtime. <br />
12. c. It ensures that the data type used must implement the 'IComparable<T>' interface. <br />
</details>
